1)---How many except statements can a try-except block have?

---------)-more than one.


2)---Name Some built-in exception classes:

  Exception	                        Description
a)lookupError   --------------   Raised when errors raised cant be found
b)MemoryError   --------------   Raised when a program runs out of memory
c)NameError     --------------   Raised when a variable does not exist
d)NotImplemented
Error         --------------   Raised when an abstract method requires an inherited class to override the method


3)When will the else part of try-except-else be executed?

---)The else part is executed when no exception occurs.

4)Can one block of except statements handle multiple exception?

---)Yes, a single block of except statements in Python can handle multiple exceptions.

5)When is the finally block executed?

---)The finally block always executes when the try block exits. 
This ensures that the finally block is executed even if an unexpected exception occurs.



6)What happens when „1?== 1 is executed?
Easy explanation - It simply evaluates to False and does not raise any exception.


7)What are oops concepts?

---)OOps in java is to improve code readability and reusability by defining a Java program efficiently. 
The main principles of object-oriented programming are abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism. 
These concepts aim to implement real-world entities in programs.

8)Is multiple inheritance supported in java?
 
---)Java doesn't support multiple inheritance.


9)How to Define a Class in Python? What Is Self?

---)A class in Python can be defined using the class keyword.
self represents the instance of the class.

10)What is init? 

---)The __init__ method is the Python equivalent of the C++ constructor in an object-oriented approach. 
The __init__ function is called every time an object is created from a class. 
The __init__ method lets the class initialize the object's attributes and serves no other purpose.
It is only used within classes.

11)What Is A Constructor In Python?

---)A constructor is a unique function that gets called automatically when an object is created of a class.

12)What is Instantiation in terms of OOP terminology?

---)The creation of an instance of a class. 
Method - A special kind of function that is defined in a class definition. 

13)What is used to check whether an object o is an instance of class A?

---) The `isinstance()` function can be used to check if an object is an instance of a particular class.
